document sourceApplicationId param in /docs/v1/tech/apis/applications (#1960)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/_application-request-body.adoc

+
:advanced_feature!:

[field]#sourceApplicationId# [type]#[UUID]# [optional]#Optional# [since]#Available since 1.43.0#::
The optional Id of an existing Application from which a copy will be made.
+

> A unique [field]#application.name# is required. If present, the [field]#application.id# value will used for the new Application. If no Id is specified, a secure random UUID will be generated and used.

Reviewer: This isn't technically accurate. The `id` is not taken from the `application.id` field in the request. It is taken from the URL. In the Create Application API request - you'll see `{applicationId}` on the URL as a request parameter. This is how we identify the Id. 

It looks like the `sourceTenantId` in the Tenant API has the same incorrect explanation. 

Perhaps we omit this part of the explanation because it is already documented on the API and using `sourceApplicationId` does not change the existing behavior. 

If we make this change, let's correct it on the Tenant API as well.

+

> The Oauth configuration is cleared.  Roles are copied with new ids. All other values will be copied from the source Application to the new Application.

Reviewer: This is not accurate, only the  `oauthConfiguration.clientSecret` is cleared. 

Maybe we should say something like:

> The `oauthConfiguration.clientSecret` and each role Id will be cleared so new values can be generated. All other values will be copied from the source Application.

+
:advanced_feature!:

[field]#sourceApplicationId# [type]#[UUID]# [optional]#Optional# [since]#Available since 1.43.0#::

> The optional Id of an existing Application to make a copy of. A unique [field]#application.name# is required. If present, the [field]#application.id# value will used for the new Application. All other values will be copied from the source Application to the new Application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The optional Id of an existing Application from which a copy will be made.
+
A unique [field]#application.name# is required. If present, the [field]#application.id# value will used for the new Application. If no Id is specified, a secure random UUID will be generated and used.
+
All other values will be copied from the source Application to the new Application.
```

Reviewer 2: Is this a deep copy? That is, will roles, `xmlSignatureLocation`, etc, all be copied and be independent of any changes to the source application?

Author: Thanks.  And good question.  It's mostly a deep copy, except the oauth configuration is cleared.  And checking on `xmlSignatureLocation` surfaced a bug with saml configuration.  https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues/2118
